.\" Here's my first try at nroff/troff for a non-manpage.
.\" As you can see, a full-line comment with no implicit
.\" carriage return must start with a dot.
.po 1i             \" Set the page offset (left-margin) to 1 inch
.ad r              \" adjust right
2018-05-14
.sp 2v             \" space two lines
.ad c              \" adjust center
A Sampling of Text
.sp
.ad b              \" adjust both
So, here's some text. I hope this works. I really think that
troff has a lot going for it relative to TeX, in that the
whole system is a lot simpler. It's too bad that Knuth didn't
just enhance the existing system.

I'm told that using a blank line separates paragraphs, just as
in TeX, though I think the common macro systems make you use
an indicator like PP or LP.

.\" So now let's indent a paragraph on both sides by 0.5in...
.po +0.5i
.ll -1i
Now we have a paragraph that is indented on both sides for
emphasis. We are really emphasizing this text, because it
deserves some emphasis.  I think it's great that it is so
easy to adjust things on a fundamental level. I guess in
TeX you had "narrower," or whatever it is. So call this
one a tie.

.po -0.5i
.ll +1i
And here we are, back to our regularly scheduled program
of full-length lines. It's been really great to see this
program in action.

The question on my mind right now is: how to starta new
paragraph without skipping a line. Like, if I wanted to
just indent paragraphs instead of block formatting?
.br \" try the .br command...
.ti 0.33i \" indent the first line 0.33 inches
Does this work? I think it does! Well I'll be. So, using the
br command breaks the line and lets us start a new paragraph,
and the ti command lets us indent the first line. It doesn't
stick for new paragraphs, though... so ultimately BR followed
by TI is the way to make a new indented paragraph.

.\" Now for some hanging indents...
.in +4n
.ti -4n
01.\ With the IN and TI commands together, I can make a hanging
indent, suitable for things like numbered lists. Just use the 
same relative values on both sides, and attempt to make it so
that the text lines up.
.br
.ti -4n
02.\ The first try I had at this, the space between the number and
the text on one of the lines was stretched. To remedy that, I needed
to use a non-stretching space (which is indicated by backslash-escaping
it) between them.
.br
.ti -4n
03.\ Probably there is a more sophisticated method (like tabs of some
kind?) to help things line up in the face of proportional fonts. But
for now, it's nice to be able to approximate things at a low level.

.in -4n
And, now, everything is back to normal!
